The young singer, Rapper, and songwriter Jade Mario is thrilled to announce the launch of his Debut Music
Album As we fade in Time. This amazing Album is expected to be launched earlier next Month on 1st and on this day it will be available in all Major stores.
Being his First-ever Album, the Los Angeles Multi-talented Youngstar has seen a lot of Pressure on his Social media account since he has been inactive working on
this piece of work we all are waiting for.

"As we Fade in Time"
Debut Album Release

As we Fade in Time
Back Story in details

The Album he Named As we Fade in Time is a collection of his Fantasies, life, and admiration and was inspired by his favorite TV show and game, The Witcher.

Jade Mario has been writing fantasy stories about the life he would have lived if it were to go back in time, and when the show started he was so much impressed by Freya Allan's acting as Ciri "actually the whole theme of the story was Priceless" he says

" You know after Drake released his new Album Dark Lane Demo Tapes, I was like now that's good music, so I walked into my room and for one week became a became a slave of my pen and notebook and within one week I had written 12 songs  of which I was satisfied with and decided to go ahead and arrange an Album" 
 

Album Cover and Tittle Inspiration


"Ciri being my most Favorite Character in The  Witcher series, and Freya Allan being a perfect  actress  who made me love the show, even more, I decided to create the Cover in Her Honor both as Freya Allan and as Ciri."

Jade Mario Explained, He also mentioned that he has
included two songs in the honor of both Freya Allan the actress in the show titled Freya Allan, and another titled Ciri the Lion cub of Cintra. This helped him overcome his quarantine Anxieties which were slowly conquering him into lying in bed the day or playing day or playing games. This Album includes 12 Unreleased songs in the genres of Pop, RnB and Hip-hop

Song List

1. Freya Allan

2. You're the guitar song on my lips

3. Fade in Time

4. Ciri the Lion cub of Cintra

5. Denial

6. Let Go

7. Toronto Nights

8. Elon Musk

9. Heist

10. First Loved, First Brocken

11. War

12. To the Moon

13. Brainer

14. Anxiety

15. Smile (The Winter Rose)

16. It Doesn't Matter

17. Beautiful Swag

18. Pretty Girl

19. Your Number One

Album Quote

"One Life. Just One.
Why aren't we running
like we were
on fire
towards our wildest
dreams"
